EN:
Fahri Yağlı was born in 1966 in Boyabat Sinop.
In 1983, he graduated from Gazi University Faculty of Pharmacy with first degree.
In the same year, he won the military student exam opened by the Faculty of Higher Education Command. In 1987 he graduated as a pharmacist lieutenant.
Between 1987-1988 years, he completed his academic and clinical education in GATA Pharmaceutical Sciences with first degree.
He served in the Command of Logistics and Sanitary Materials in Selimiye Barracks under the 1.Ordu Command.
In 1999 he opened the Kışla Pharmacy and started to work as a freelance pharmacist.
As a result of his researcher feature, he went to the UK in 1994 and made a market research about medicine and medical materials. In 1996, he received a one month training in gastroenterology for Business and Market Development in INFAI INSTITU, Germany. After training, he has made Turkey Board Membership of INFAI INSTITU.
Corporate sense he has gained general management and marketing management skills.
He started his political career in 1984 as the Chairman of school in the Ulku Quarries. Respectively, he served as the 2nd Chairman of MHP Üsküdar between 2001-2003 and as MHP Istanbul Provincial Vice President between 2009-2011.
He was found as chairman of various civil society organizations such as Anadolu Aydinlar Ocagi and SIAD.
He conducted 15 days of ABCA Analytical Carbon Analyzer Project in London-UK, 1 month Breath Test Project in Dusseldorf-Germany, Blood and Blood Products Project in Bedford-UK, and Dermo Cosmetic Product Development Project in Italy.
He has worked on his own invention Vitiligo VM Cream, a dermatological product. He specializes in E-Commerce Sales and Network creation. He made presentation about National Medicine and Medical Strategies in various TV channels.
He writes articles about research essays in many journals and e-newspapers.
Presently, he teaches part-time Pharma MBAs at a private university.
He has a good command of English. He is married and has two children.
